In this lecture we are going to load the files in the build directory for the admin dashboard.
At the moment we have a single script file.
However, our admin page will have custom styles on this page.
We are going to display the image as a preview.
The size of the image may be too large for the page.
Let's apply styles to constrain the sciences in the source slash admin directory.
Create a file called Main CSS.
The image tag has the following ID OG Image preview.
For the image.
Set the display property to block.
Set the margin bottom property to 20.
Lastly, set the max width property to 600.
The next step is to import this file from within our script.
Open the index file.
At the top of the file.
Import the main CSS file.
Let's do the build slash admin directory and sign this directory.
A CSS file should appear.
If not, you can try restarting the command.
After confirming the file has been created, we can begin registering and in queuing our files.
Open the indexed PHP plugin file.
At the bottom of the file.
Let's add the init hook.
Typically we would register files from a different hook.
However, the files from the admin dashboard will be in queued conditionally.
They will not be loaded for every page.
I prefer to register files from within one file.
This way I can queue assets from other files, while assets must be in queued from specific files,
they can be registered any time.
I recommend registering assets as early as possible.
The init hook is perfect for.
The name of our function will be called up register assets.
Next let's create a file in the includes directory called register assets.
PHP.
Define the up register asset function.
First, let's register the CSS file.
Run the WP register style function.
The name of the file will be called up admin.
Next, let's generate a full URL to the file by calling the plugins url function.
The path to the file will be the following.
Slash build slash admin slash index CSIS.
The second argument to this function must be the plug in file.
Earlier, we created a constant for storing the path to the main plug and file.
It was called up plug and file.
Great.
We can move on to registering the script file.
We haven't registered a script before.
Normally WordPress would register NQ script files for our blocks since our script is not for a block.
This process will not be automated.
We must manually register an in queue.
Our scripts.
In the resource section of this lecture, I provide a link to a function called WP Register Scripts.
This function will register a script with WordPress.
It has five arguments which are the handle name source array of dependencies, version and footer.
The footer argument is the most serious argument.
WordPress is capable of loading scripts in the header or footer.
This argument gives us the option of choosing where to load the scripts by default.
Scripts are loaded in the header by passing in.
True, these scripts will be loaded in the footer.
As for the rest of the arguments, they're already familiar to us.
They function similarly to the arguments of the WP Register style function.
Let's head back to the editor below.
The Style Registration Call the WP Register script function.
The name of our handle will be called up admin.
It's perfectly acceptable to have matching handle names for our scripts and styles.
They're stored in separate locations.
We do not have to worry about naming conflicts.
Next, let's pass in the URL by calling the plugins URL function.
The path to the file is the following.
Slash build slash admin.
Slash index.
JS.
Lastly, pass in the up plugin file constants.
We're going to take advantage of the fifth arguments.
Our scripts should appear in the footer as we learn before.
Scripts loaded in the footer may block the document from loading by loading the script in the footer.
The entire document can load in the browser before we start adding the arguments.
Let's check out the build slash admin directory.
For most of the course, we never talked about the files generated by Webpack.
Aside from the script and CSS file, other files will be generated.
Let's talk about them.
We have to map files, one for the CSS file and another for the script files.
A map file is a file that D ugly files your code for production.
Your code should always be minified.
Modification involves stripping unnecessary white space from a file, thus reducing the size of a file.
However, you may need to view this file in the browser for debugging purposes.
The map file will help the browser unmodified your code for readability.
Creating a map file is completely optional.
It doesn't help the performance of your site, it's purely for debugging purposes.
The last file is a PHP file.
It's weird to have this file in the source directory.
We do not have a single PHP file.
So why did wordpress generate this file?
Let's take a look inside.
In this file an array is being returned.
This array contains two items which are an array of dependencies and the version of the asset files.
The purpose of this file is to help us register the script during the development of our block.
We are constantly importing functions and components from other files.
Importing code from other files is considered a dependency.
WordPress will scan our import statements for these dependencies.
It allowed them to this array.
If we need to manually register a script, we can use this array of dependencies as the third argument
of the WP Register script function.
As for the version option, script files can have versions for caching.
However, WordPress will generate a unique ID for your files during updates.
This way we never have to manually set the version ourselves.
This array is returned by the file.
Returning values is not limited to functions.
Files are allowed to return values.
In our function we can include this file to grab the return value.
Let's give that a try.
Switch back to the register assets file above the WP Register script function.
Define a variable called admin assets.
The value for this variable will be the include function with the following path.
Include up plugin directory dot build slash admin slash index dot assets dot php.
The include function will handle returning the value from the file.
The variable will store the array.
Let's update the WP registers script function by passing in the dependencies and version variables as
the third and fourth arguments to the function.
Lastly, let's set the fifth argument to true this value will cause the script to load in the footer.
After registering our scripts we can in queue it open the end queue php file.
The files should not be loaded unless the user is viewing the custom admin page and sign the conditional
statements and queue the files with the WP and Q style and WP and Q script functions.
We're finished.
Let's refresh the page.
The page should render normally.
That's great.
We've successfully registered and include our files.
Let's continue working on adding the media library to the page in the following lecture.